[male voice] I dream of you.
[ethereal music playing]
[hooves drumming]
[horse snorts]
[male voice] Kissing you.
Holding you.
The feel of your
skin against mine.
- [horse neighs]
- [man screams]
[gasps]
[male voice] I love you.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[upbeat soul music playing]
♪ In the summer of '16 ♪
♪ Was it love or nicotine ♪
♪ That made us
mellow on the 35? ♪
♪ It was penny paradise... ♪
[woman] Yeah. I feel lucky.
It's... It's a dream job.
I get to travel and...
and meet new people.
- Great uniform.
- Maybe the cravat and skirt's a bit much.
But... I don't know.
maybe. I think.
it makes people feel reassured.
and... yeah. it's nice...
it's nice to look nice.
That's exactly why
I work out so much.
You know. it's... it's not for
me. It's for everyone else.
- Trying to make the world a better place.
- [woman chuckles]
Can I get you anything else?
Um. yeah. Um... What do
you think I should get?
I think I have a bottle of
cachaça at mine. if you want it.
I'll get your bill.
Cachaça? Sounds great.
[laughs]
♪ ...but you look
good together ♪
[buzzing]
♪ You're breaking
all the rules ♪
Give me two minutes.
And then let's go.
Oh. um...
how many calories
are in cachaça?
[video call ringing tone]
Hi.
Oh. hey.
- I got your text.
- Mm-hmm.
Don't pick up blokes at
the gym. That's the lesson.
I thought our mutual love
of flaxseed was a good sign.
Uh. okay. new rule.
Next one of us who cancels
dinner with the girls gets booed.
Boo!
- I can't believe...
- [glass shattering]
- [man shouting]
- [woman sobs]
- [Aqua] Kat. you're never gonna believe...
- [woman screaming]
Guys. I gotta go.
- [man grunts]
- [banging]
[plates clatter]
- [man 2] Stop!
- [man 1 grunting]
- [men shouting]
- [woman crying]
[both grunting]
- [man 2] I'm sorry!
- [knife swipes]
[man 2 yells. thuds on floor]
[man 1] How could you do
this? Tell me how many times.
- How many times?
- [woman whimpers. screams]
- [whimpers]
- Hey! Hey!
[Kat] Hey!
You got his femoral artery. He's
got four. five minutes tops.
She's been lying. Cheating.
Hiding things from me.
People... People do that.
And it sucks. All right?
I get... I get it.
How you feel.
I know what it's like
to have so much anger inside of you.
you could tear the whole world apart.
And letting it out
feels good for a second.
but it's just gonna
make everything worse.
All right? So just calm down.
- [pot bubbles]
- [tense music playing]
Put the knife on the floor
and kick it towards me.
[tense music continues]
You police?
[man grunts]
- [man 2] What you doing?
- [knife clatters]
[Kat grunts]
[gasps]
- [gasps]
- [man grunts]
- [alarm rings]
- [grunts]
[both grunting]
Get a tourniquet and
pressure on that wound.
Get the leg high.
- [shouts] Now!
- All right.
Do you need help?
I'm Detective Inspector Kat Donovan.
Call 999. Tell them I'm here.
I thought you said you
were an air hostess.
I do like to travel.
[upbeat soul music playing]
[music continues]
- Morning. Fi.
- [woman] Morning.
[Kat] Oh. thank you.
Morning.
Oh. morning.
- How's the exam prep going?
- I'll be after your job next week.
[both chuckle]
- [music fades]
- Right. this is. uh. Rishi Magari.
Forty-two. widower. lecturer.
head of the neuroscience
department at the university.
Missed work. not
answering his calls.
and no one has heard from him
since he left work on Friday.
- They checked his house yet?
- Sent someone round. There's no answer.
They're waiting to speak
to the neighbors now.
- Kat.
- Yes?
You know you keep going on about
how I owe you a Christmas present?
- Got a surprise for you.
- Pink fluffy handcuffs again?
- Not quite.
- [Kat laughs]
Everyone. this is Charlie Pitts.
our new digital media analyst.
DI Kat Donovan. Head of
the Missing Persons Unit.
Kat's the best there is.
You'll learn a lot from her.
Charlie's a tech whiz.
We're lucky to have him.
Oh. well. good luck.
Kat's never met the
computer she can't crash.
- [woman laughs]
- [laughs]
Play nice. Got a second?
So. uh... which one's mine?
- [woman] Oh. Kat's allergic to tidying up.
- [Charlie] Ah. right.
- Do you live like this at home?
- I have a cleaner.
Oh.
Refusing to tidy up in the 21st
century is a bold act of feminism.
- Do you want a tea?
- Oh. how very liberated.
You can make your own.
Oh. n... Y-yes. actually.
That... That'd be lovely.
Sorry.
fluffy handcuffs?
Uh... [chuckles]
Yeah. She's a strange one.
Oh. Right.
Huh.
[keyboard tapping]
[unsettling music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [Kat] Interesting. aren't I?
- [music fades]
Here's your tea.
[Charlie] I... Sorry.
[computer chimes]
Oh. We just got a lead
on Rishi Magari's car.
Great. Let's go. I'll drive.
[keys jangle]
Don't worry. We'll wait
for you. No problem.
Do you... Okay.
[mysterious music playing]
I'm really sorry about earlier.
[Kat] Don't worry. Everyone googles
their boss on their first day.
[Kat] Boot's locked.
Move back.
No obvious signs of an accident.
It's a good place
to dump a body.
- No CCTV. no passing traffic.
- I'll call forensics. Get us in.
[Charlie] That'll take hours.
I've got a better way in.
The car's in lockdown.
but I can bypass it.
- [car alarm blaring]
- [device chimes]
I'm in the system.
- [laptop chimes]
- [alarm stops]
Yeah. I've got this
handy bit of software
that's still in development
at covert policing.
Boot should be unlocked now.
[Kat] Well done. new boy.
[ominous music playing]
[sinister music playing]
[bird squawks]
- [music fades]
- [birds chirping]
[Aqua] Breathing in
through the nose...
and out through the mouth.
[woman] You mean you still
went home with cachaça boy?
Would've been rude to say no.
Kat. when was the last time you hooked
up with somebody you actually liked?
What about that app I signed
you up with. Melody Cupid?
- I don't need an app to get laid.
- No. no. it's not like that.
It's... It's all about finding
meaningful relationships.
Someone you can
really connect with.
- They match you by your music taste.
- Mm-hmm.
- Did you check your matches?
- I didn't look at the results.
- Give me your phone.
- Never.
[Kat] Uh...
You do realize breaking into a
police officer's phone is a crime?
And how do you know my passcode?
[woman] I'm a private
investigator. It's easy.
Maybe it's time you
tried something new.
[birds singing]
[female voice] Music is
the window to our soul.
Melody Cupid has used an algorithm
developed with psychologists
to analyze your musical tastes
to find potential matches.
Melody Cupid keeps the tempo
of your relationship fast.
Once you view your matches.
you have 48 hours to
decide what happens next.
Harmonize or Mute?
[phone chimes]
Hell no.
No. No. No.
[unsettling music playing]
[unsettling music continues]
- [door closes]
- [Kat. echoing] Hey!
If I don't eat my body weight
in pasta in the next 30 seconds.
I'm pretty sure I'll die.
Please tell me it's ready.
[unsettling music continues]
Josh?
[female voice] The number you
have called is not recognized.
- Please check the number and dial again.
- [call disconnects]
[female voice] The number you
have called is not recognized.
- Please check the number and dial again.
- [call disconnects]
I love you.
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[Kat] I haven't heard
from Josh in 11 years.
One second we're engaged.
the next he walks out.
His phone stops
working. He's just gone.
Like we didn't even exist.
This isn't an old photo.
This is Josh now. He's back.
Okay. no. no. no. no. no. We
do not get on the ex bus. okay?
Nothing good ever comes
from getting on the ex bus.
"Widower."
[woman] You can't
talk to him. Okay?
As long as I've known you. you've
barely been able to say his name.
He hurt you. badly.
He left you when
you were grieving.
Stacey. I got over
him a long time ago.
Uh. no. you shut yourself down
and turned off love like
it was a hate crime.
Big difference.
Delete your profile.
Turn off your phone.
Throw the whole damn thing
in a river if you have to.
Just do not contact him.
Move forwards. not backwards.
Let Josh stay gone.
Promise me.
[people cheering]
Finally!
[cheering continues]
[cheering fades]
- [mellow rock music playing in bar]
- [people chatting]
Ooh. wow. Thank you.
Mmm.
- Heya.
- Mm.
Kat. you've got to try
this. The man's a genius.
He's made me a heart-chakra cocktail
that boosts my positive energy.
- [flatly] Gosh. that's nice.
- [Aqua chuckles]
So Stacey signed me
up to this dating app.
And the prospect of finding true love
is making us lose our minds because...?
Because of this.
- [tense music playing]
- That's who I match with.
And look. he's a widower.
Have you spoke to him?
No.
Not yet.
- Bugger. Stagger needs me.
- [Aqua] What you gonna do about Josh?
I don't know yet. Haven't heard
anything for 11 years. and then...
I don't know.
I'll be back.
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
[Kat] You okay?
Mum sending you
too many articles
about walnuts being good for
prostates again? [chuckles]
I've had to block her now.
Uh. no. there's something else that
I... I wanted to talk to you about.
Hestall Prison called the super.
Monte Leburne's cancer is back.
It's terminal this time.
There's no easy way to say it.
How long does he have?
- A few days. maybe.
- Oh my God.
Oh my God. [sighs]
- They should've told us earlier.
- [Stagger] Well. they're telling us now.
This is good. Kat. The
man is a waste of air.
No. it's not good. He is the only one
that can tell us what actually happened.
- [Stagger] He is not gonna talk to us.
- He has to!
We still don't know
why he killed my dad.
He does not get to die
without telling me everything.
[Stagger] He did it because
Calligan paid him. You know that.
[Kat] But why?
- Can you get me in?
- You have made this request so many times.
People have been trying to get
Leburne to open up for a decade.
I'm not just "people." I'm
saying if I could talk to him...
Sorry. Kat. He'll be gone in a
few days. You need to let this go.
[Kat] I just need to know why.
Pushing at this door is not
gonna bring your father back.
I am really sorry.
[gate beeps]
[contemplative music playing]
[slow footsteps echo]
[music continues]
[contemplative music continues]
[Kat] You're about to give
me some advice. aren't you?
- Advice.
- Mm.
Relationships are never 50-50.
Sometimes they're 60-40. 80-20.
Sometimes in your favor.
sometimes in your partner's.
Embrace that.
Never give up.
[Kat laughs. echoing]
[music continues]
[lock clicks]
[music fades]
[Kat] Mum?
[women laughing]
- [woman 1] He's dead!
- [woman 2] Dead?
- [woman 1] From a stiff back.
- [woman 3] Anything else?
- Was it his liver?
- [woman 2] No!
- [woman 1] Herpes!
- [woman 3] Yes!
That's when you get all
blisters. Oh. darling!
- Hi. Mama.
- What are you doing here. sweetheart?
I didn't know you were coming.
- [woman 1] Hey. hey.
- Hello.
[woman 1] You all
right. my darling?
I'm telling you. STDs in the
over-sixties. they're on the rise.
- What have I walked into? What?
- [women laughing]
Because of the men. the dirty men. having
it away with all them young things.
And let me tell you.
yeah. those baby girls.
they shave everything.
Makes it easy for the
germs to get about.
- Long live the bush!
- Yes. up the bush!
[woman 2] Long live the bush!
[woman 3] Thank you.
Try this. It's good.
- [woman 2] The church sent a WhatsApp.
- About shaving your noo-nah?
- Behave!
- About being safe when dating.
The pastor's sister.
- She met a nice man online.
- Oh. really?
She brought him to
Bible group twice.
Two weeks later. he
tried to steal her car.
- [woman 1] Stop it.
- What?!
- It's true!
- [laughter]
- Men. eh?
- [woman 3] Men. eh?
So. Kat.
- You got someone new on the go?
- Hmm.
That question.
These girls these days. it's like
they're married to their jobs.
My cousin's son...
Don't need a set-up. Auntie.
Is a social worker.
He feels he really makes
a difference. you know?
It's a good. honest job.
You'd be a good social worker.
If you were ever thinking about a
change of career. you could call him.
I'm... I'm happy where I am.
Are you?
Yes.
All right. Who
wants another drink?
- Yeah!
- [woman 2] Yeah. me!
- Make mine a triple-dipple. please.
- [woman 2 laughs]
[all laugh]
I need to... I need
to tell you something.
What's happened?
Monte Leburne's cancer's back.
He's gonna be dead
in a few days.
Good.
I've been praying he would die.
Painfully.
Finally. someone up
there's done right by us.
- I think I can get him to talk to me.
- Don't you dare.
He's a devil in human skin.
I've got nothing to say to
him. and neither do you.
He doesn't get my
hate or my anger.
He doesn't get anything from us.
He doesn't exist.
Look. love. we can't change the
past. no matter how much we want to.
So please. just stay
away from him. Just...
For me?
In other news. Josh is back.
Josh? He's back?
Yep. Well. kind of. Online.
I found him on a dating app.
Or he found me. or
however it works.
And how do we feel about that?
I don't know. Mum. I don't know.
[sighs]
I usually know exactly what
to do. but this one. I just...
I can't figure it out.
Should I talk to him?
[melancholy music playing]
If you think it's gonna help
you. then yeah. talk to him.
But be careful. love.
[music continues]
[mysterious music playing]
[mysterious music continues]
[scoffs]
[phone ringing]
- Hi. Charlie.
- [Charlie] Hi.
Have you got something?
[Charlie] Uh. I got hold of Rishi's
email address from his sister.
and it's come up in
a few data breaches.
Looks like he signed up
to a number of sites.
including this hotel site at
the beginning of the year.
Doesn't use it much. but he liked this
review of a cottage a few weeks ago.
Where is it?
[Charlie] It's two miles
from where we found his car.
I've already contacted the owner
to see if he made any bookings.
Okay. great. That's good work.
Keep me posted. all right?
- [Charlie] Yeah. will do. Bye.
- Bye.
[keypad tapping]
[Stacey] Is this him?
Mm-hmm. The man
who killed my dad.
Monte Leburne.
professional hitman.
And after he's convicted
for two other murders.
he suddenly confesses to killing my
dad. and I've never understood why.
If I could just get in
and talk to Leburne.
I could find out why
Calligan wanted my dad dead.
No matter how many times I
ask. he just won't see me.
So maybe stop asking.
I'm just saying. if you really
wanted to see Leburne in prison.
there are other ways we
can make that happen.
What kind of ways?
[Stacey] I have a client
who works at the prison.
She might be able to help.
I'll give her a call.
You know you've never actually
opened up about this stuff before.
Since we're sharing.
what did you decide about Josh?
I matched with him.
So just need him to confirm the
match. I know what you're gonna say...
No. I'm not in the
judging business.
Please! You're. like. the
judgiest person I know.
True.
I just think
when someone tells you who
they are. you should listen.
Josh didn't just leave.
He chose to take the
extreme ghosting option
when you were at your
lowest after your dad died.
That's not right.
[sighs]
Just... be careful.
[R&B music playing on stereo]
[chimes]
[intense emotional
music playing]
[breathes deeply]
[music ends]
♪ I'm sending you... ♪
♪ How desperate... ♪
[woman. echoing] ♪ And there's
a heart that's breaking ♪
[man] ♪ Down this
long-distance line ♪
[both] ♪ I ain't
missing you at all ♪
- [people cheering. whistling]
- Yeah. come on!
[both] ♪ Since you
been gone away ♪
♪ I ain't missing you at all ♪
- [backing vocals] ♪ Missing you ♪
- [both laugh]
[both] ♪ No matter... ♪
[backing vocals] ♪
Missing you Missing you ♪
[tram screeches]
[song continues playing]
- [exhales]
- [backing vocals] ♪ Missing you ♪
- ♪ Missing you ♪
- [music fades]
- [phone ringing]
- [indistinct chatter]
[Charlie] Okay.
Right.
Okay. I see what you mean.
Scented volcanic ash.
He said something about citrus
smells improving office productivity.
I don't get this generation
at all. You want a brew?
- No. I'm all right. Thank you.
- All right.
No. that's. um...
No. no. that's great.
Thank you. Thanks.
- [phone beeps]
- Um...
So I... I got hold of
the owner of the cottage.
She confirmed that Rishi made
a booking for last Friday.
Okay. Tell Nia to meet me there.
[sinister music playing]
[bird squawks]
[sinister music continues]
[man shouts] Rishi!
[music intensifies]
[grunts with pain]
[man] Rishi!
No. no. no. no. No. no. no. no.
[grunts. cries out in pain]
[grunts]
[panting]
- [electricity buzzes]
- [Rishi yelps]
[sinister music intensifies]
[music fades]
[Kat] Morning.
What have you got?
[car alarm beeps]
[Nia] Stagger's been
chasing me for an update.
[Kat] Okay. Let's see
what we find here.
[mysterious music playing]
Hello?
[Kat] Find anything?
Owner says Rishi booked
for two guests a week ago.
Neighbor says he was alone.
So someone was meeting him here.
[phone buzzes]
[Nia] Okay. Thanks.
Kat. forensics have found
some dents in the back door.
Could be a sign of a
struggle. Could be nothing.
They're just
checking it out now.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. It's just. um...
Look. I'll wait until the forensics
are done if you need to go.
Thank you.
I'll call you if
there's anything.
[Kat] Hi.
[Stacey] Hi.
- Couldn't have dressed up a bit?
- I'm working.
So am I.
Still knew where the lippy was.
Yeah. Um. his wife chose it.
Apparently. he is the sort of cheater
that cannot resist a woman in white.
So here I am.
ready to lure him in with my
private-investigator charms.
- [Kat] Fascinating.
- Mm.
Entrapment might be
off-limits for you guys. but
people have a right to know
who they're dealing with.
- [Kat] Mm.
- I'm like a public service.
- You're right. You deserve a badge.
- [Stacey laughs]
So. you can get me
in to see Leburne?
I'll call you in 20.
Let me lock down a lunch date with this
one. and I will take you to my contact.
- All you need is 20 minutes?
- Please.
In this dress. I
could do it in ten.
Shoo! Gotta keep
my clients happy.
[Kat] What's that? Third
cheater nailed this week?
[Stacey] A good week for business.
less so for happy marriages.
So come on. then. Who's...
Who's the contact?
Prison officer called Tamsin.
Loves a wedding. but has
very questionable taste.
Is currently on cheating
husband number three.
[Kat chuckles]
How's it gonna work? He's
in the hospital wing.
- Access is definitely gonna be restricted.
- Mm-hmm.
Which is why I've offered
her the premium service
next time she wants to
check her boy's loyalty.
What's the premium service?
Photos. videos. emails.
All for the bargain price of
"Thank you for helping my friend."
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
[music continues]
[Stacey] You sure
you wanna do this?
[ominous music continues]
- [men shouting and jeering]
- [banging]
[tense music playing]
You got ten minutes.
He's in here.
[keys jangle]
[lock clicks]
Tamsin. you know the rules.
Mr. Leburne has
requested no visitors.
Detective Kat Donovan.
Leburne killed my father.
[unsettling music playing]
[ID card closes]
You here to see him suffer?
I have questions for him.
Yeah. I can take over from here.
[door closes]
He's in and out.
[labored breathing]
[breathes deeply]
Monte.
There's someone here to see you.
Remember Clint Donovan.
the man you murdered?
It's his daughter.
Do you think you could
give us some privacy?
No. dear. I can't. We do
follow some rules here.
Monte.
[tense music playing]
Oh. bless.
Daddy's little girl's come
to slay the big bad wolf.
What do you wanna know?
What Daddy looked like
when he was dying?
How he begged me to save him
as he slowly bled to death?
You know. he squealed.
He squealed like a little pig.
Why did you do it?
Who wanted him dead?
It was Calligan. wasn't it?
I know you worked for him.
What. are you hoping for
a deathbed confession?
There's no reason not
to tell the truth now.
Sure there is.
The moment you die. I
will arrest Calligan.
I will say you ratted him
out and told me everything.
It's a nice try.
You don't think I'll do it?
I don't know what you'll do.
I just know no one
will believe it.
[tense music continues]
[shakily] This is
who you took from me.
Just tell me why.
Okay.
- Ha!
- [Kat gasps. sobs]
You'll never... know the truth.
[sobs]
[Monte] Look at that
sad little face.
[Monte tuts]
That's your final
gift to me. Thank you.
Just tell me.
Just. please. just tell me why.
- That's all I'm asking.
- Don't beg.
That's what he wants.
Men like him do what they do
'cause it's the only way
they can feel powerful.
Don't give him that.
They're all so selfish.
These vile. angry little men.
No real remorse. Any of them.
In the end. he can't
help who he is.
Just someone who gets off on
causing heartbreak and misery.
Back in the day.
when I was a midwife.
I used to use morphine
and scopolamine
as anesthesia on mothers
giving birth. you know?
One shot of this.
and they chatter
and blabber away.
Confessing to all sorts.
Husband's pacing up and down outside
whilst the mother's lying on her back.
knees up in the air.
telling us it's not his.
It's hard to keep the lies up
when you're high as a kite.
I want to help.
Yeah.
I thought a double
dose would be best.
[mysterious music playing]
He won't stay awake long.
[breathes deeply]
Angie.
It's his sister.
[sobs. exhales]
Dying. Angie.
- I'm dying.
- I know.
I love you.
It's nice to see you.
I did it all for you.
I'm grateful. Um...
I just need your help.
Monte. to understand.
Yeah.
Why... why did you do it?
Why did you kill Clint Donovan?
- What?
- The policeman.
- What are you on about?
- Why were you paid to kill him?
No. Angie.
That's not true.
I wasn't paid to kill him.
I was paid to take the fall.
[dramatic music playing]
I was already fucked.
No.
No. they found the
weapon in your house.
You confessed. Do you remember?
You killed people. didn't you?
- Yeah.
- [Kat] Yeah.
I got a fair few under the belt.
They got me for two of 'em.
That's why I took the rap.
I was already doing life.
No. you s... [sighs]
You said that you
killed Clint Donovan.
You killed him. You said that.
Listen to me.
We made a deal.
In return. I sold a lie.
What?
[Monte] But I didn't do it.
I didn't kill him.
[sinister music playing]
Isn't that beautiful?
It's our last little bit of fun.
It's good to see ya.
[sinister music intensifies]
Who di... [breathes shakily]
Monte. who did it?
If you didn't do it. who did it?
Monte. who killed my dad?
[shakily] Monte.
who killed my dad?
Monte!
It's over.
- [music fades]
- [nurse] I'm sorry.
It's over.
[heart monitor beeping]
[cell phone ringing]
- Yeah. hello?
- I've got something important to tell you.
What is it?
I asked Tamsin.
the prison officer.
to give me everything
she had on Monte Leburne.
Logs. observations.
who he'd seen.
And?
And I've seen
Monte's visitor list.
Stacey. please just tell me.
Josh is on it.
[dramatic music playing]
Wait. what are you saying?
[Stacey] Josh visited
Monte in prison.
The day before he left you.
[dramatic music continues]
- [electricity buzzes]
- [gasps]
[phone chimes]
[music intensifies]
[intense emotional
music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm